Ah.
Master, he wants to kill me.
Who told you to do that?
Chen Xiao, you have no right to change the script.
Do you have a script in your eyes?
I just added a scene based on the original script.
He can't help himself.
That's right, he obviously didn't get the play himself.
You're talking nonsense, he's clearly avenging himself.
Husband, grab him!
We're accusing him of attempted murder.
On the contrary, I feel that Qin Xiao just performed very well, but you can t use it again.
I think you're right.
The kind of vase that can't be on the table like you is fundamentally unworthy of my role.
General Director Chen, you are too blatant and bold, you are too much, right?
You have an idea?
There's an impression you kept for me, it's not your turn to talk.
Really, you're too domineering.
You go in a hole, I'll go down.
Okay, okay, I got it.
You two conspired to deceive me, didn't you?